what's up this your boy Wyclef Jean and
y'all watching impact Theory let's get
into it
I love Tom there's a man who is just on
a mission to find the best in humanity
and then make it known to the world it
was honestly I've won the best shows
I've ever done in my life
you know allowing me to be authentic to
who I am this show allowed me to do that
so it's great you better subscribe to
this show because you're missing out
it's absolutely unbelievable
it was a lot of fun I was really
impressed with the prep work he was able
to get into things and I actually care
about what people don't put in that have
to work and I know that he does that not
just for me but for everybody I totally
get why exists I totally get why music
continue to exist and I almost didn't
want to end I'm a villain hi I'm Peter
Diamandis everybody my name is Jessica
Matthews I am dr. drew since gary
vay-ner-chuk and you're watching impact
theory
everybody and welcome to another episode
of alive amma it is good to have you and
for anybody watching that was at the
live event that we did last night that
was amazing
thank you guys so much for joining us
and i this is definitely my first M
since we crossed 100k I can't remember
had weird across 100 cater and
relationship theory perhaps but
nonetheless we have crossed 100,000 on
YouTube pick it up pick it up pick it up
that is amazing thank you guys so much
absolutely incredible this community is
bonkers so just eternally eternally
grateful we're having technical
difficulties what a surprise
very excited alright before we dive in I
do want to make the ask if you guys
could if this is adding value to your
life please do share it our real goal as
all of the diehards out there know is
115 by October 1st 115,000 on YouTube by
October 1st we've been going behind the
scenes that's why we didn't really do
anything big when we hit 100 cakes that
wasn't a real goal it's certainly a neat
milestone and dr. finesse was over the
moon because that certainly helps him
but 115 K on YouTube is our goal by the
end of September so it would be amazing
if you guys would share this and if you
haven't already by the way if you're on
Facebook if you could go over to YouTube
and hit that subscribe button that would
be amazing
all right now theoretically without
further ado we are ready chase for the
first question nice alright well we'll
vamp because that is easy enough all
right so let us talk about last night a
little bit more I think that would be
very exciting so here's what was really
cool if you guys don't know drama from
young and reckless you got to go check
that guy out he is actually rapidly
becoming one of my favorite
entrepreneurs he is insanely humble he's
quite funny and most importantly he
really understands his business and when
we were doing the Q&A with him last
night at the event he really was
elucidating principles of retail where
the retail game is going so for anybody
that's in
that space and obviously the most
important thing that I can say about
anybody is that their advice is real and
his advice is very real so he's the
founder of young and reckless and really
has done an amazing job of what he says
wanting to avoid becoming just a
celebrity with a merch line and he's
done a lot more than that he's really
gone into the business figured out how
it works
run it as a true CEO just really really
exciting to see him grow and get better
by learning and at the end of the day
that process of diving into something
learning how it works really getting
good and I remember this was a piece of
advice that my father-in-law gave me
that I promptly ignored and don't worry
I've since apologized to him and very
much adopted this mentality but he said
the most important thing in business is
to know more about the topic than
anybody else in the room and if you
don't see an echo of that in my
preparation for the interviews and I'm
not doing a good job of explaining it
that was something that when he said it
I am so sad to report that it did not
hit me but for whatever weird reason it
really stuck with me and it was one of
those things that I thought about and
thought about and thought about and then
it finally manifested itself and me
realizing that to get good at anything
whether that's business whether that's
interviewing it really is that level of
preparation it is about going above and
beyond to get good at something and I
was thinking about this last night at
the event and there's always like a
thousand questions that I get asked
about how you build a business you know
whatever your dream is how do you go and
actually manifest it and the honest
answer to everything is get better get
better and I've had really talented
artists begin reaching out to me on
Instagram because obviously that's a
huge focus for us in the next phase is
going to be getting writers getting
artists bringing them together creating
amazing comic books in phase one and
they'll have like a really small
following and they'll say you know like
what what am I doing wrong what's the
secret and the truth is even though
they're really good they've got to get a
lot better and when you can be
world-class but admit that you're not
yet undeniable casseras on for
a lot of people that a world class like
think about it you make a deal Olympics
your whole life you've been busting your
ass you finally make it you're one of
the best in your country truly a
world-class player but you come in
seventh eighth its you haven't gotten to
the point where you're so good that you
can't be ignored and that like in
today's world where social media rules
everything and anyone can get on there
create noise you've got to find a way to
cut through the clutter and the way to
cut through the clutter one of there's
more and I will recommend perennial
seller by our boy Ryan holiday really
interesting book really excited I think
we've booked him for like November
that'll be a lot of fun but is in his
book he talks about several of the other
things you're gonna do but I'll say that
the most important one is to get so good
that you you cannot be ignored cannot be
ignored so if you're being ignored by
the way the world has told you that
you've not yet gotten to where you want
to get to so everybody knows my
obsession with Disney read the Disney
biography in times of trouble Disney
always came back round to make the
product better make the product better
and so that's one of the things that I
really respond to with drama as an
entrepreneur is he just knew we had to
get better had to learn he had to push
his craft he had to understand the game
of retail he had to know not only where
it is now but where it's going and that
has been one of the things that I'll say
has been absolutely key to him
transcending being a celebrity with a
merch line so that's been really really
cool
alright so we've got our first question
up from Facebook this one is from Daniel
Brees hey Tom I'm 25 and haven't ever
had to throw down less once in the
seventh grade I've been thinking about
this for some time and though I've never
been a fighter I think it's important
that I become the person who is able to
protect this his significant other what
do you think is the best way to approach
the situation alright well if you
believe that that's one of the things
you need to do is learn how to fight the
great news is in today's environment
going out and enrolling in an MMA class
and really learning how to fight it
should be very very easy even if you
live in a relatively obscure town I've
got to imagine that they're still going
to be a class you could take worse
case scenario by a punching bag and
watch a whole lot of YouTube videos and
might I suggest for Ross sahabi IV I
have a moral obligation to make that guy
famous for Assad is one of the most
incredible human beings I've ever
encountered the way that his mind works
is absolutely amazing he is a warrior
philosopher I just find him utterly
utterly fascinating he's an MMA coach he
coaches George st. Pierre and a whole
bunch of other amazing fighters his gyms
called Tristar gym so if you happen to
be frequenting the Montreal area might I
suggest Tristar but going out getting
good practicing it getting to the point
where you feel very comfortable in a
physical altercation it is purely a
question of time and we'll so yeah that
one is very easy to overcome all right
Facebook question Chris German are there
yes oh you guys ready for this
so we are thank you by the way and by
the way can I just take a second I want
to acknowledge agent Smith for doing
exactly what I've asked people to do
don't whisper
don't try to like secretly flag me down
just [__] yell it out so thank you
for that mad respect communication at
its finest boys and girls so we're going
live we are working with Alexa so Amazon
Alexa working with that technology I
almost referred to it as her it's not
actually a person though sometimes it
feels like it we're working with that
technology to be a part of their daily
flash briefings so launching today has
it already launched do you know nice so
go right now if you have an Amazon echo
which is where Alexa lives go there add
me to your flash briefing you can do it
in the app you do a quick search for tom
bill you it'll pop up add me to your
flash briefing we're recording content
we're recording literally daily content
specifically for that day so go check it
out I'm really excited about it I
actually had a lot of fun recording this
content I tried to make it super punchy
they're all about 90 seconds max none of
them are longer than that
and I think that they're gonna be
interesting useful empowering all that
good stuff so go check it out right now
let me become a part of your life so get
me on your Alexa and make sure you call
out for that flash briefing and then
secrets on secrets on secrets we're
working on another thing with Alexa and
I cannot wait for this to come out gonna
need a little bit more time on this one
but if we [__] pull it off it is
gonna be unbelievable
alright facebook question chris german
are there any recorded benefits of
ketosis for people with ADHD or autism
type personalities chase how bull do we
go here that's really the question okay
I can't begin to tell you on ADHD I've
no idea haven't looked at one up or read
anything about it there's some insanely
controversial information about autism
this is really interesting I want
everyone to understand right now I'm
gonna I'm gonna talk about something I'm
fascinated by and not something that I
think that I have definitive answers I
don't think anyone has definitive
answers but there's some really
interesting data about autism being at
least partly influenced by your
microbiome your microbiome is definitely
influenced by ketosis so read a book
called the gut brain gut mind
oh god I'm failing myself right now it's
either the gut brain connection of the
gut mind connection I can't remember
mine got thank you chase my man so mind
gut connection really really interesting
book read that he talks about it in
there he will do a much better job than
I will but the way so oh man I'm gonna
drag you down a path really fast just
the fascination so here's something
everybody everybody knows right now I'm
trying to fix Lisa's microbiome problems
so I am gonna learn as much as I need to
learn and if that takes me all the way
to needing to become the world's
foremost expert on the microbiome I will
do that I'm certainly not that now but
I'm putting in the work there is a
theory that goes and I don't know how
true this is but once you that basically
you're not gonna be able to actually
adjust on a permanent basis the makeup
of your microbiome so the
actual bacteria that are in there you
can take probiotics but they don't
create a permanent adjustment of your
your system which I am horrified by I
really hope that's not true
that's something that I've read in
multiple places now but what you can
have massive impact over are the
metabolites that the microbiota are
producing so it goes that if you have
and there are some scary statistics I
don't have them memorized but some scary
statistics if you don't do a vaginal
birth that you're the infant then is not
subjected to the microbiome that in the
vagina which they would normally be
which then seeds the microbiome which is
part of our natural evolution so you can
actually tell whether somebody just by
looking at their microbiota you can tell
if somebody was a cesarean birth or a
vaginal birth it's possible that one of
the things that ends up causing somebody
to fall on the autism spectrum disorder
and again this is all speculation and
speculation from somebody who's just
beginning their journey of educating
themselves but there's speculation that
that what they call dysbiosis not having
the proper microbiome can be feeding
into the neurological disorder of autism
so it is very intriguing to see where
this goes I'm trying to be very careful
with my language I do not want to
overstate something but it's very
intriguing to see where this goes and
since I read that I've started asking
people who are like oh my cousin has
autism and the first question I ask is
were they a cesarean birth or were they
vaginal and totally anecdotal but so far
every time I've asked that question I've
asked at 3 or 4 times every time the
answer has been that they were cesarean
birth so don't oh I get it
it's sometimes better that than them not
to have been born or to put the mother
in danger so I mean it just is what it
is but it'll be really interesting to
see as that science progresses all right
Facebook question Pablo Alejandro thank
you Tom bill you for what you were doing
my question how many times a day do you
need to redirect your mind to focus on
positive that is entirely specific to
you so
every person is gonna be very different
I have spent so many years focusing on
the positive now it is very much
ingrained in me to do that automatically
so there's actually very few times where
I have to forcefully put myself there I
just tend to look at things
optimistically I tend to look at things
as being my fault which means that I'm
in control so I just automatically
default to those mental systems so I
don't struggle with that a lot but I
used to very dramatically and in the
beginning it was constant and I was
probably doing it a hundred times a day
I'm not kidding in the beginning and you
just do that day after day after day
until it becomes just a part of the way
that you think
all right Facebook question Coby
Wallingford what's your suggestion on
having debt having to be in a job
because of the debt and doing your best
to stay a personal start a personal
training business what I love
okay so avoid debt whenever humanly
possible but I'm guessing that you
already have the debt so that becomes a
moot point at this point I was talking
to somebody last night who took on a
massive amount of debt student loans are
sort of their own beast so I'm gonna
pretend for a minute that you have
student loans because they're the
hardest kind of loan to deal with if you
have student loans please know that even
a bankruptcy is not going to clear those
out they survive bankruptcy so whatever
student loans you have have as of right
now that is forever
there is no getting rid of that but you
can renegotiate them so I am NOT an
expert on renegotiating student loans so
I'm sure you can find gaggles of videos
on YouTube I would just do a search for
renegotiating student loans go to them
renegotiate if you can if you can great
now you've got a reduced amount that
you're gonna have to pay off if you
can't then you've got to suck it up and
this is just facts man I don't want it
to be this way but it is this way you're
going to need to cut your expenses to
the quick live with your parents if
they'll let you don't worry about what
other people think if you can't live
with your parents do something like I
used to manage apartment complexes so
when I was broke I managed apartment
complexes I've had everywhere from $400
for a two-bedroom apartment in West
Hollywood which was unbelievably cheap
all the way down to a free apartment in
a less desirable area so that
is something that I find nobody even
really tries to explore and is something
that could be really advantageous take
roommates if I needed to I would live in
a studio apartment that had you know six
people sleeping on top of each other
like whatever you need to do to make
sure that your expenses are next to
nothing so that you can aggressively pay
off that student debt so this is one of
those times where you're gonna have to
suck it up for five six seven years
whatever you need to do to make sure
that you get that debt down so that
isn't something that hangs over your
life forever
was speaking to somebody yesterday they
had eight hundred and twenty five
thousand dollars in debt
yikes that's scary that's the kind of
thing you have to address otherwise it
just spirals out of control so having
said that I will also say that you can
make the demands that you make money
doing what you love so if you want to do
the personal training business and
you've got a significant amount of debt
then really start thinking about how do
you blow that up so get your expenses
down to the quick and focus on scaling
your business as big as you can so I
will tell you that exchanging time for
money which is what most people do when
they're training is not the way you're
never going to make enough money so you
need to find a way that scales online is
the most obvious example becoming a
fitness influencer is another example
building out courses that you charge for
like these are all the ways you can
scale so that it can reach a lot of
people so that's part of my obsession
with scale is it allows you to have a
lot more resources at your disposal help
a lot more people and just be capable of
more because money is the great
facilitator all right Facebook question
Dan Morelle is it okay to eat three plus
quest bars a day with a busy schedule I
find myself eating more bars in a day
than I probably should here's the thing
the honest answer is yes you can
absolutely eat them it's not gonna be a
problem but is less than ideal so as the
guy who is incentivized to tell you to
eat as many quest bars as possible I'm
here to tell you you want to eat whole
food whenever you can that that is
absolutely ideal every like bit away
from that you get and the more into
processed foods you get the worse it is
so I would say look at your own results
so I eat a lot of quest products because
I am lazy and I want something that
tastes delicious not because I think
it's optimal by the way
but I am obsessed with the quest for
bags of them today cuz I'm in a
high-protein cycle right now and it will
be glorious so like on a high-protein
day I'll leave four bags of quest chips
I'll eat the quest cereal bar once and
then I'll eat the quest peanut butter
the protein peanut butter cups once as
well so I'm not saying you should I'm
just saying that is what I do have been
doing that for years I get good results
out of it but even I know I'd be better
off eating chicken breast right now so
then this is the truth
alright Jahlil Zordon II Facebook apart
from focusing on giving value and
focusing on your mission what are the
best financial habits you recommend for
becoming richer okay well I will just
say you don't save your way to wealth so
that is there's becoming richer is a
very tricky question so first of all
let's define richer I think that
emotional well-being is first and
foremost the most important I think
living below your means is the next most
important so that money isn't stressful
I think having six months of your salary
saved is absolutely critical to knowing
that you can at any time go in and quit
your job then you're showing up because
you choose to in even though you may
have the exact same job that you had
before you had six months saving the way
that you feel about that job will be
dramatically different because every day
is a choice and once it's a choice and
you don't feel like you have a gun to
your head everything changes I recognize
it is very hard to save up that kind of
money but here's the thing make a few
hard choices and you can change your
life forever
so when Lisa and I decided that we were
going to found quest I cut my pay down
to a third of what it was before that we
sold one of our cars we kept the
piece-of-crap beater car we shared that
I used to bum rides off employees I mean
and just not be embarrassed about it and
you do whatever you have to do to chase
the things that make you feel fulfilled
that give you that sense of excitement
that make you feel alive and that's
gonna come with hardship it's gonna come
with difficult choices but if mentally
you know you're doing it for yourself
you're doing it for your own reasons it
is a very very different journey alright
YouTube question Toula Mizzou
Nazz loom to Lamaze loom I'm gonna go
with that can you tell me your most
influential quote advice you can give to
keep moving forward I don't know that
anybody's ever given me advice on that
but I will tell you that in your
question is already the answer and that
is to keep moving forward so there's a
famous quote if you're going through
hell keep going forget who said it maybe
chase knows but keep moving that that
really is the key there is no magic
formula to it it's I feel insecure I
feel afraid I feel like I want to give
up like you have all those feelings and
your answer is but I'm the type of
person that pushes forward anyway right
it all comes back to identity so tell
yourself what type of person you are
which is aspirational that's how it
starts and then act in accordance with
that and that's how you gonna get where
you want to go alright YouTube
Ashutosh see wow that's a cool name I
really want to hear that said well how
how to regain focus when you lose track
about your vision in life I write things
down man like keep it really simple
there's nothing fancy about it I keep a
list
it's called important things I
obsessively go through that list it is
the most important things that I could
be doing to move me towards my goals I
go over it every day it is on my
calendar I schedule that [__] out I make
sure that I get to it that just deadly
simple just having something there where
it's like oh yeah that's what I'm trying
to do oh yeah that's what I'm trying to
do there it is every day staring me in
my face with the actionable steps this
is one of those ones where I want to eat
the microphone it's all about actionable
steps my friends so make sure that
you're taking actionable steps alright
YouTube mr. orange fuse we all want to
be successful we all go through ups and
downs but over time many of us seem to
lose that drive how does one maintain
their drive long-term this is very very
easy to answer you need to be excited by
what you're trying to accomplish it
needs to make you feel more alive so
that it is this self reinforcing thing
that as you're pursuing it you're having
fun you're having a great time it's a
challenge it's pushing you it's like
game mechanic
right video games to be boring when you
have the cheat codes and you can just
kill everybody it's got to be hard and
it's got to be like I'm clawing my way
I'm getting a little bit better and
every day I get to see oh my god this is
real I can actually do something today
that I couldn't yesterday that is so
intoxicating to humans guys push
yourself man
set challenges for yourself really be
trying to do something especially when
it's in service of something that you
give a [__] about that that is it that
is the thing and if you think you're
doing that then the thing that you're
pursuing just isn't something you give a
[__] about it's not something that when
you imagine actually doing obtaining and
having that it gives you more energy
like people ask me all the time how do I
have the level of energy that I have
which by the way I was at last night
answering questions until midnight and
I'm here and the reason that I have the
kind of energy that I have is twofold
one I understand ATP and the way that
mitochondria actually generate energy
within the cells so I eat right I
exercise even though I don't want to and
today let me tell you when I was
skipping meditation and think at a
Shinto [__] workout I was not happy
about it
but that's how you create energy that's
how you make sure that you have the
energy reserves which is a huge part of
staying excited and amped up and being
able to have the energy to push through
and then the other thing that I
understand is when I'm excited it's like
Superman and his yellow Sun that is the
perfect analogy for passion when you're
passionate about what you're doing and
I've gone on so many diatribes I won't
do it here unless somebody asks a
question about how you create a passion
it's not something you find you develop
it that once you've created that in your
life and you have that thing and you're
acting in accordance with that and that
thing you're pushing yourself and
driving yourself to do is moving you
towards that thing that is very exciting
for you makes you feel alive makes you
feel like you're becoming a person that
you want to become and then going back
to game mechanics that you've gained a
skill that skill has used it's hard as
hell but you're able to do it like the
human animals wired for that put
yourself in that situation alright
YouTube amanda nicole what advice would
you give to someone with a chronic
progressive autoimmune disease MS about
feeling defeated once no longer able to
be the overachiever they once were very
frustrating alright Amanda I want you to
lean
[__] clothes right now if you're out
of computer scoot that laptop closer in
chin towards the monitor and listen very
closely
no one is coming to save you this is all
on you and that sucks and I get it and
it feels overwhelming but right now
you're gonna flip a switch in your mind
and you're gonna realize that you can
become the foremost expert in ms that
you can figure out how to mitigate your
symptoms and that you're gonna have to
leverage will to overcome some of the
which I don't know enough about ms to
know how it affects the energy
production in your body but I'm gonna
assume that it's [__] terrible and
that for you to produce ATP is
absolutely an atrocity but there's gonna
be some period of every day that you
have that's better than the rest if
that's in the morning if that's midday
if it's right after a meal if it's out
at night whatever that is you're gonna
take that time and if it's 15 minutes
where you feel good every day come hell
or [__] high water you're going to
spend that time to figure out what you
need to do to take that next step to get
a little bit better maybe there's
something that you can do with your diet
from what I understand again I'm not an
expert but ms has a big response to
vitamin D levels so [__] move
somewhere warm do whatever you have to
get a sunbed whatever you have to start
a GoFundMe account to buy you a tanning
bed look up dr. Mercola like there are
things that you can do but it all starts
with research learn don't wait for
anybody else because nobody for obvious
reasons is going to care about solving
your ms problems like you do nobody so
take the [__] reigns do not make
excuses you have every like no one is
gonna blame you if you make excuses and
those excuses are valid but they're
totally unhelpful and once you
understand that they are valid but
totally unhelpful hopefully you will
cease making even a one and you will
just go go go and I'm I'm really pissed
with myself right now
because I read in a book not too long
ago the story of a guy and I don't
remember what [__] book this was in
but the story of a guy who had something
I don't think it was MS but it was
something we're literally he only had 15
minutes a day where he felt any we're
approaching reasonable and he had been
like I don't remember he'd built like a
huge hedge
or something and he lost everything
because his energy levels are just so
[__] low and then one day said nope
no more I'm gonna take responsibility
for this I'm gonna figure this out and
if all I have is 15 minutes a day then
that's what I'm gonna use to start
getting better and then that 15 minutes
turned into 30 and then five years later
it was an hour and then five years after
that it was feeling good most of the
time but it was like that slow [__]
slog and he just knew I've got to figure
this out so there is a way to claw back
a hundred percent it isn't gonna be easy
there's no question about that and
you've got to say how is having MS the
best thing that ever happened to me and
really look for the real answer don't
[__] yourself give yourself a real
answer and if that if all it's done for
you is give you compassion for other
people great that's gonna be the anchor
that you hold on to right now that's
gonna be the port in the storm that
because I'm going through this and I
have a certain level of mental fortitude
I'm gonna be able to give back to other
people or I'm gonna be able to research
this stuff and all the other people that
don't know where to start I'm gonna
start a blog and it's gonna be about
that it's gonna be written in 50 minute
increments once a week whatever but I'm
gonna publish this stuff and I'm gonna
help other people right I don't know if
that's your truth but like find that how
is ms the best thing that ever happened
to you because if you look for that
answer you will find it all right
Facebook Sony field line Barger I've
heard you speak about being betrayed by
people who are close to you I
experienced being betrayed by a very
respected mentor mind likely feeling
threatened played a part in it what's
your advice and how to deal with it so
first of all I have a rule that light
and dark are both very useful so anytime
somebody betrays me they go on the list
and if you're on the list at the times
where I am feeling my absolute darkest I
am down I'm feeling defeated and all of
the beautiful things in my life all of
the things that I'm grateful for all of
the wonderful things that I want to do
for others and for myself are not enough
to keep me going at that moment I think
about the list and I think about the
people that are on it and I think about
how [__] angry it makes me and how
much I will bury them with my success
that I will bury them with my success
and it's faint Frank Sinatra said the
greatest revenge is massive success now
I never spend more than 20% of my time
there because that can become very
corrosive and it will eat away at who
you are and your ability to enjoy your
life but they've done studies if you
want somebody to be able to tolerate
acute pain for a longer period of time
let them get angry and the people that
you let externalize their anger swear
yell whatever they have to do they can
take 30% more pain it's pretty
incredible so it is a very useful tactic
and then on the flip side of that when
I'm not in darkness mode I'm thinking
I'm meeting them with compassion and I
get it and look I understand and almost
certainly they didn't betray you for the
sake of betraying you they didn't betray
you because there's some evil person
they betrayed you out of weakness they
betrayed you because they just haven't
figured out how to save themselves the
drowning man takes other people with
them right and so to understand that
this is probably not coming from a
beautiful place in their life that
they're probably really struggling
pretty profoundly with something and to
have understanding for that so I don't
waste time on it I put him on my list I
dip into that when I need it but the
rest of the time I'm not thinking about
it a or B if I am thinking about it I'm
really hoping that things go better for
them I mean it with understanding and I
just take ownership for everything in my
life so if they betrayed me I'm asking
what did I do to create the environment
where they would want to betray me so
just take that extreme ownership all
right
YouTube that blank guy hey Tom thanks
for these rapid-fire Q&A live streams
are extremely valuable Thank You Man
do when you self reflect what I think
that's do or if you do when you self
reflect what are some of the questions
you ask yourself at that point in the
day I self reflect almost constantly and
I'm everything that I think about is
always goal oriented so for instance we
did the live event last night I thought
it went really well
I am so insanely proud of this team I
really really can't tell who else here I
really hope everybody is listening right
now the team [__] smashed it
shout out to Cindy and Jared who led up
the event I'm I was blown away
we oversold the event by like 20% it was
madness I was so happy last night guys
that was really incredible and Matt
loved it the community for coming out it
was just a beautiful beautiful event was
not sure how it was gonna play out
because we've never done one where we
had ticket sales before it was like how
many tickets we got at the last minute
and so at first it was like oh man we're
gonna be like 30% empty and so then to
be 20% oversold was [__] unbelievable
and I'm looking at Agent Smith here I'd
be looking at Cindy if she were around
just really really amazing man I'm super
super impressed now I say all of that
because then that's where I was last
night I just wanted to think about how
well it went everything that went well
drama [__] smashed it met a new guy
who will now be in our ecosystem mark
was great he went up did his thing was
really just overall an amazing event and
then as always I'm so grateful for the
time that people spend asking questions
but this morning when I woke up I
thought okay what could I have done
better and I just started thinking about
what were all the things that I could do
then to get to the next level how could
I have answered questions better how
could my have talked portion biddin
better what are the things that I should
adjust so I find that we all have a
negative voice and the negative voice is
gonna kick things at you this was bad
you could have done this better and all
that and I used to think that I wanted
to silence that voice and then I
realized it has extreme utility so I
listened to that voice I don't always
heed its advice I don't always believe
what it says but I always listen to it
so because I want to hear and I don't
think anybody is gonna give you more
brutal feedback than yourself that's for
sure so really taking the time to listen
to it you have to be careful what you
take on board excuse me but always
listen alright so yeah self-reflection
goal-oriented looking at what I'm trying
to accomplish and I I probably spend the
bulk of my time reflecting on what are
the steps that I really need to take to
actually get the business off the ground
and relentlessly looking at metrics is
this actually working and by the way am
i looking at the right metrics or should
I be looking at something else alright
YouTube the thinker what is the
percentage of you feeling the flow
a weekly basis and what do you like to
do to get you back on track it's a great
question I would say that I probably
feel in flow about 30 percent of the
time to get myself back in flow I there
are certain things that that put me in
flow meditation puts me in flow so I
just make sure that I meditate doing
content puts me in flow so this is like
if I were and this happens a lot I will
sit down to do one of these and I won't
be feeling it and I'm like not in the
mood at all to do the content and then I
say okay I'm gonna see how quickly I can
get into a flow State I don't know how
to explain it other than I give my brain
the signal to speed up and as I get my
brain the signal to speed up I force
myself to talk faster there are things
that I do from a physiological level to
do it I sit up a little bit straighter
I force myself to talk faster which
forces everything that's a distraction
to whittle down to nothing till all
that's left is the question and the
answer so that is one of the ways that I
trigger myself to get back into flow if
I'm working on a contract believe it or
not every now and then I get to a flow
state there I put on a particular song
which by the way is Alice's I don't know
if it's Alice's theme song but from
Alice it's not Alice in Wonderland but
it's a Tim Burton one Danny Elfman did
the score there's something about that
song that just [__] locks me in and
then this is gonna sound stupid but I
sit up straight I lean in and I furrow
my brow and that for whatever reason
with contracts really [__] just gets
me in that zone alright next question is
from psych Ichi kuma hi Tom thank you
and the impact theory team for all you
guys do my question you often talk about
how you prioritize reading via listening
to audiobooks I've adopted this practice
but I struggle with remembering and
processing the ideas I consume what are
some of the techniques you use to
internalize concepts you come across
when reading listening about how I
prioritize reading via listening yeah
yeah so the process that I use to
internalize I take notes so that's
really important I try to tell people
out loud something that I've learned so
that in teaching it to other people that
it's really reinforcing it in my own
mind and then if it's something that I
can apply immediately I apply
immediately and that one taking
actionable things away and really going
hard that that's super super critical
and if you're only gonna do one of the
three do that one
all right Facebook Franklin Mejia what
is the percentage of you know already
did that one but under a new name that
seems very surprising all right pesum
Fodor hey Tom how do you feel about this
whole cryptocurrency craze do you think
this is just a phase or something that
could stick long term man I think that
it's gonna stick long term I think that
it's as generations grow up with it and
it's not this sort of weird jarring
thing that it is for like when I first
heard about it I was like what it was
very bizarre and but the more I learn
about it the more fascinating it becomes
but I think government's gonna have a
real [__] seizure over this and I
think that the the battle per se is is
still yet to be had I think that man I'm
outside of my lane now full disclosure
now that I've disclosed that I don't
mind having a bit of a waffle here for a
second my gut instinct is that banks
like the Federal Bank which isn't a
governmental institution the
relationships and pull that they have
with the government is going to be it's
just so insanely strong that it's gonna
be hard to stave off all the attempts of
changing legislation but when the
populace speaks the populace speaks and
if there can be enough adoption of
people that take cryptocurrency before
it gets shut down you might be able to
get enough momentum going on that it
could get very very interesting so we'll
see I don't have any big investment I
have exactly zero crypto coins I know
somebody who's working on an app around
the blockchain which of course they
accept cryptocurrency and what they're
doing on the blockchain is really really
interesting because they're making
digital goods limited in quantity which
is exactly what you have to do to get
digital goods to have real value and you
can exchange everything so this is
something I told them I really want to
partner with them and do something cool
so that when you come to an impact
Theory event for instance that hidden
within that event they're hidden this is
how their app works within that event
there would be certain items there that
you would be able to get let's say there
were five tickets to our next event or
something or five icons that you could
turn into then some of our swag and you
could go exchange it in real time doing
things like that I think it'd be pretty
cool I'm actually gonna look up what his
app is called chyme for getting off my
head but I think is on my homepage
it is photonic viewer so little the big
a so little V atomic viewer I think you
can download it I won't swear to that
but that what he's doing there is really
really interesting and I'm excited to
see where that goes
all right sim land this is from Facebook
how do you maintain an anti fragile
brand image never thought of me the I
don't know that the brand can be anti
fragile so anti fragile is the more
something is attacked the stronger it
becomes you've given me a lot to think
about I'm gonna answer the question from
the individual perspective I think of
brand is needing to be flexible and I
find that's actually brutally difficult
to do because people want to put you in
a box they sort of need to put you in a
box
going back to Ryan holidays perennial
cellar if you have a product you should
want your product to be put in a box it
means people actually understand it so I
don't know if it applies to brands
haven't thought enough about that hedge
hedge hedge in case I changed my mind
later but people can become truly anti
fragile and to do that you want to
switch your identity to being that of
the learner of somebody that's always
willing to admit that they're wrong to
change direction to identify the right
answer faster than other people doing
that is true the inch fragile so that
way if somebody tells you that you're
dumb it's like great I just have one
more question for you in what way
because if you tell me in what way I'm
dumb I'm more than happy to take that on
now I can go educate myself and you've
pointed out a blind spot that I can now
cure so that is anti fragile in humans
all right facebook christian peb
I sold the startup and failed another
one I have since been doing consulting
but I am considering a job I don't feel
like a specialist and don't know how to
position myself until my next startup
idea our collaboration comes any advice
so Jay salmon has the best advice in the
world if you go watch our video Jay
talks about what that looks like in
terms of how to
generate your next startup idea so we
did an episode with him check that out
read his book disrupt you he really
really really goes into great detail
about this as a short answer
it's basically everyday catalog the
problems that you have so sitting in
traffic dull knives whatever just make a
list of all the things that you run into
on a daily basis and then think of how
you could solve them that's how you come
up with your next idea when you find
something that really resonates with you
and it's a problem that you think and
scale and be big and it's something that
you'd be interested in fixing but Jay is
a fascinating character who also happens
to take jobs as an intrapreneur at times
and this worked for some of the world's
biggest companies so it all comes down
to like what you're feeling so if you're
feeling like right now I want to have a
job I want to go in and want to leverage
my skills as somebody who's
entrepreneurial minded but I want to do
it within the framework of a company I
don't have any ideas that I'm really
excited about right now fantastic man
that's not a problem do that dive in go
be super valuable to somebody somewhere
and if you're playing at a high enough
level you may also be able to get equity
in the company obviously it's gonna be
relatively small but if you can help the
company grow it could still have
significant financial advantages to you
especially if that company is planning
to sell or IPO in the next say three to
five years so there's a lot of ways for
you to monetize that skillset don't feel
bad if that's what you want to do like
that is such a rad choice and the vast
majority of the world isn't going to and
mathematically can't be running their
own company otherwise that it all falls
apart everybody be a solopreneur so yeah
I feel sort of in the question that you
don't feel great about needing a job or
maybe even wanting a job I think that is
absolutely a ok just make sure you
choose wisely and it's a company that
lights you on fire you love what they're
about you dig their culture which by the
way thank you chase watch that Ray Dalio
TED talk which is really fascinating
about how he runs his company culture
man you want to talk about my fantasy
which is radical openness in the group
so everybody just says everything
they're thinking and feeling they're in
front of everybody else I'm all about
that
I've actually requested that my team
give me aggressive feedback in front of
everybody else and my fantasy would be
that everybody gets to the point where
they're very comfortable with that for
Eddie this from YouTube do you have any
experience with lucid dreaming and it's
benef
someone vastly interested in the human
brain I'm guessing you do curious to
hear your thoughts I have exactly zero
experience with lucid dreaming never
spent a lot of time thinking about it I
don't know if maybe that's just how I
dream and that as soon as I become aware
of it I wake up or it's just that I've
been lazy and haven't put any energy
into it
either way I literally have no
experience and cannot be useful to you I
apologize for ever Eddie alright YouTube
or ggest 23 Tom how do you feel about
spending time on like video games novels
movies and feeling guilty because it
doesn't feel productive and as such
enjoy it as much alright so I spent a
lot a lot a lot of years not playing
video games not reading fiction always
read nonfiction and I went through a
real dry spell with movies and TV I
won't say that I never watched them
because that was something that my wife
and I would enjoy as downtime but since
I took precious little downtime I ended
up not engaging very deeply now however
one I find that first-person shooter
video games is an amazing training
ground for anxiety stress because you're
putting yourself to a very stressful
situation and finding out how to rapidly
deescalate that so that was sort of the
first way where I was like wow I'm doing
this because I just want to let's be
really honest but while I'm here I might
as well start practicing this and that
ended up giving it some real utility and
then I suckered my wife into playing and
now she's really good and loves playing
so it also has quality time so I'm
always trying to find ways to make it
work double duty now that we're creating
a studio obviously I have the wonderful
luxury of needing to watch that stuff
the whole batch of new shows were going
to be coming out with that we're
building the new set out that we plan to
be shooting sometime in early October
all of that stuff is geared around media
so I'm having to really get back into
the swing so building your life in such
a way that it facilitates the things
that you want to do is very important
and that's why I don't mind working as
much as I work because I love the things
that I do for work so if you can find a
way like you really want to watch this
stuff or play via like it is not a
mistake by the way that so many of the
huge YouTube accounts are video game
accounts I was watching this thing on
really understanding the
tube algorithm and it just so happens
that video game playing on YouTube not
because it's videogames but because they
happen to be long and they happen to be
engaging so people watch a lot of it and
it's youth-focused like all of that
stuff plays into why those accounts get
so popular so if you really want to play
start streaming so there's just a lot of
ways that you can force something like
that to work double duty so that's my
answer
khadi uske cutter uske Wrangell tom how
do you invest your weekends to make the
best out of them so first and foremost
my number one priority on the weekends
my number one priority is to reconnect
with my wife I ignored the [__] out of
her in non-business ways till we engage
deeply in business during the week but
oh dear God like from the time I wake up
till the time I go to bed I'm working so
we don't get quality time during the
week so that's number one party in the
weekend I want to reconnect with her now
I also want to make that work double
duty so my wife and I play video games
together so it's both selfish time and
quality time
and it feeds into some of the new
content that we're doing we watch shows
together that we both love so that's
feeding into some of the new content
that we're doing but it's also something
that we really enjoy doing just together
so yeah that's a big thing and then the
only work that I do on the weekends like
real sort of raw work not only except me
now and then I get sucked into a
contract or something like that but for
the most part the only work that I do on
the weekends is stuff that I consider
fun so I would happily do it on the
weekends even though it's technically
work so engaging with the community I do
that a lot more on the weekends and I do
during the week but that's a lot of fun
for me so even though as part of our
marketing strategy I really enjoy it
watching content like things about
YouTube or whatever reading I I love
learning so on the weekends doing that
kind of work is you just you don't have
to ask me to do it I'm gonna do it and I
could spend hours and hours and hours
researching on the weekend and just be a
happy happy camper so and I don't let
myself do very much of that during the
week because because I enjoy it I'm
always a little suspicious that it's the
right thing to do so that's how I spend
my weekends YouTube Charmy oh hey Tom I
am obese and working hard to lose the
weight how would you
advise on the mental side dude I [__]
love this man so thank you obviously the
way that you worded that is super
vulnerable and I just have mad mad mad
respect for that so here it is except
that this is going to be a really long
journey and that is just the way that
it's gonna be and don't expect to lose a
hundred pounds in the next three weeks
not gonna work like that so it took me
two years to lose 60 pounds to give you
an idea so this is the kind of thing
like you're gonna chip away at it over
time over time over time and you have to
really be excited about where you're
gonna end up so for instance they say
the people that set the bigger goals are
more likely to achieve their goals so if
you're actually obese instead of saying
I want to get to a healthy weight or I
want to lose 50 pounds [__] that say I
want to look like Hugh Jackman in x-men
okay now we're talking because that is a
compelling future and by the way I use
that example because that was exactly
what I did I wanted to look like Hugh
Jackman I became absolutely obsessed
I hung images of him up everywhere so
that I could look at it be motivated be
super stoked and be driven to do that
now this was back in x-men 1 so he got
really big in later x-men so I fear that
I never matched him in subsequent x-men
movies but I got reasonably close to
x-men number one so have a future that
is very very compelling to you obsess
over it and accept that you're gonna
have to go all-out every day for years
to make it happen and by the way don't
be afraid to do what I call release
valve days so if on a Saturday you want
to have a cheat meal don't cheat all day
I used to do that and so during the week
even if you're starving yourself which I
did by the way and do not suggest even
if you're starving yourself during the
week by the time you get back to that
next Saturday you've only gotten a tiny
bit ahead so you're constantly like
you're taking two steps forward and 1.9
steps back and it just ends up being a
waste of your time so but you do need to
find things you really enjoy like if
your thing is like popcorn at the movies
then cool on a Saturday
have a big fuck-off bag of popcorn while
you watch the movie no problem you need
to have those little release valve
moments to make sure that you're gonna
stick with it for the long-term got to
think about it as a lifestyle and by the
way might I recommend because you want
specific
mentally bright lines bright lines
bright lines so that's going to be the
technique that will serve you the most
so you need to have a set number of
things that you eat during the day
period that's it you never deviate from
that so if you know what you eat on a
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
and Sunday those are the things that you
eat
never ever deviate and yes that means
that there's gonna be times where you're
starving you're distracted you really
want it and the only thing that's gonna
save you is you're the type of person
that never breaks your bright lines
period so at that point because your
identity demands that you'll suffer
instead of caving in and going and
grabbing it because when the line is
bright and you know these are the things
that I can eat today that's it there's
just nothing else for you so don't let
it be wishy-washy at all you got to make
sure that it's just super super clear
and then identity right I'm the type of
person that I'm the type of person that
sets a goal and sticks with it for years
even when it sucks and hurts I'm the
type of person that's always learning
more so this gets easier I'm the type of
person that uses bright lines like all
that stuff is gonna build into it all
right Facebook David Ballmer Tom we have
very similar upbringing specifically our
family my mom is extremely obese and my
sister is even worse she's 37 and has
lived with my mom for the past 14 years
I've tried tons of different approaches
to help them I would assume over the
years what did you do to help your
family turn themselves around absolutely
nothing so I want you to meet your
family with compassion and love and
accept that they may very well spend the
absolute rest of their life obese and
that just is what it is
but if every time they're around you
they feel better about themselves
because you love them and you want to be
around them because keep mind there's so
much shame around being obese that if
when you're around them you make it
abundantly [__] clear that you're not
ashamed of them that you love them no
matter what that you're honored to be
with them to be seen with them like
that's such a big deal for them and
people that are struggling with that
like that alone is like the most
beautiful gift that you could ever give
them and that's gonna make your
relationship with them better because
what you really want is to see them
happy and if what you really want is to
see them happy but they're struggling
with that and they're having a really
hard time then help them like be a
bright spot in their life that is the
coolest thing you could ever do for them
now I will say that my sister had a
massive transformation
the transformation that she had was a
result of quest nutrition made food that
she could choose based on taste and it
happened to be good first so that was
amazing but she did all the hard work it
was not me preaching to her nothing like
that she just thought whoa this is cool
I actually want to eat this so instead
of a bag of M&Ms or whatever I'm gonna
have this cookie dough bar and so that
was really transformative but at the end
of the day like that's something that
she did I was not beating her over the
head or anything like that so that's
just meeting people with compassion and
love is really the truthful answer all
right
Facebook ass M asam asam fought afar yep
I like that all right here we go how do
you feel about the video game theory
where there is a billion to one chance
that we are all not living in a video
okay so this is what's called simulation
theory so do I think that we're living
in the matrix this is outside of my area
of expertise let's start with that I
have only to tell you that my gut is
that we're not in a simulation
that's pure gut instinct so what the
[__] does that matter I will say that
one of the brightest mathematicians on
the planet right now
a guy named Spiros McHale Aki's says
that we are living in a quantum
simulation and it was utterly
fascinating to hear him explain what
that means
and that it's not like a computer
simulation that there are sort of all an
infinite number of possibilities
essentially that are all happening all
at the same time and that it depends on
your perspective that you're looking at
something from and that we're basically
the result of quantum probability and
that at the base level everything is
chaos yay I am gonna have him on one of
the new shows I'll let him go into that
for himself it was utterly fascinating
it was one of the most interesting two
hours of my life and I've made the team
here sit through my explanation of it
from top to finish I won't make you guys
do that but I will subject you to Spiros
himself who I think is mind-bendingly
cool he's got a pretty good explanation
for why it's not a computer simulation
at least not a simulation like we think
yeah that's my gut but I don't think it
matters either way and that's the
punchline which is what I don't spend a
lot of time thinking about it and just
to address the Elon Musk thing that
that's a whole probabilistic equation so
I get the probability that if we can
agree that humans are marching ever
towards creating a simulation of our
environment and simulating humans and
their environment that they will then
create more humans in that environment
that will move towards creating a
simulation than the essentially the odds
are that we're what they call an nth
generation simulation so we're a
simulation in a simulation in a
simulation and what are the odds that
Stacy leave Facebook hi Tom English is
my second language and since grade
school I've always had what felt like a
learning challenge I read a lot more now
but still have difficulty writing please
talk about how it was like when you
weren't good getting good marks in
school and how did you start excelling
thank you so much well here's the bad
news
I always got good grades in school
because I cheated so the real thing is
how did I end up doing well in college
where I refused to cheat and that was
just do an inhuman amount of work so if
you're willing to throw enough energy at
it chances are you're gonna get great
and by the way the episode that dropped
to yesterday the episode that dropped
yesterday with Olympia Lapointe she
talks a lot about this and was a
terrible student failed algebra calculus
chemistry there was something else at
geometry thank you and she ultimately
went on to be a legitimate rocket
scientist so the way that she did it was
doing a lot of work studying harder than
other people taking people up on every
opportunity to get tutored teaching
other people so that it was reinforced
and heard that she had to figure it out
even more with them in order to help
them so that really is the answer just
do more do more do more don't beat
yourself up for the fact that it doesn't
come easy to you praise yourself for the
fact that you're willing to put in that
work alright Facebook Romina Hedy hi Tom
how do you get famous people to agree to
come on an interview on your shows the
only real answer to that is there is a
gentleman by the name of dr. finesse
Christopher who is he has spent the last
20 plus years building his reputation
in the industry knowing everybody and we
convinced him to come in the show how on
the world how in the world how in the
world did we convince Kristoffer to come
that's a woman named Courtney who is the
showrunner of impact theory how did we
convince her I'm not even sure at the
end of the day I think part of it is I
promise people you will never find
somebody that'll work harder than me I
will never let you down and then the big
thing is men get me in the room with
people and I will get them passionate
about what I'm trying to accomplish and
because I'm willing to work so hard
I think people gravitate towards what
we're doing they understand that I'm
willing to play this game for a long
time and by the way it doesn't hurt that
I built a billion dollar company so you
put all of that together I've got the
credibility they can look me in my eye
and see how hard I'm willing to work and
I know how to infect other people with
my excitement and my passion and then
they got to see the interviews and the
interviews were even in the beginning
when they were bad compared to what they
are now they were better than most so
work your ass off that's the real answer
or I worked my ass off and surrounded
myself with unbelievably talented and
hardworking people all right YouTube
Josh Moran Ian can you elaborate on how
you worked with Lisa to help her foster
a growth mindset when you two were
younger I want to help my girlfriend but
she sees her anxiety as an overwhelming
obstacle thanks I think it would be very
unfair to say that I worked with Lisa to
help her get a growth mindset we were
sort of discovering it together we were
encouraging each other pushing each
other expecting something from each
other and we just communicated through
that whole process like over
communication letting each other know
what was going on inside of our heads
being honest about pettiness and
insecurities all things that helped and
we just had a real desire to work as a
couple and meaning to work out to be
together forever and having read the
book the power of myth I really took my
valve seriously I went through a
ritualistic scarification to remind
myself that I was different before my
marriage then after so it was like
divorce was always off the table it was
never gonna be an option so that only
leaves living in misery option one or
working it
option two so we were just constantly
looking for ways to get better so a
couple that with then getting into
entrepreneurship and really learning
about what it takes to look at metrics
and say either this is working or it's
not to take extreme ownership all that
stuff all right
Facebook Thomas was in ski I found a
massive amount of white space in my
industry as of right now I can't tell if
it's going to head nowhere or if it's
headed towards an extremely successful
guerilla marketing strategy what would
you do to determine the outcome I would
look at human nature and when something
that nobody else is doing aligns with
what I know to be true about humans
that's when it's like I don't care if
anybody believes in this I'm going
all-in so take personal branding dude I
am all in on this personal branding [__]
because I understand the way the humans
relate to other humans so looking at
what was happening with social media
understanding the whole notion of
influencers and influential marketing
and the way that just all of us want to
extract knowledge from somebody else for
our own selfish gains that we could
create something where the ultimate
marketing vehicle was to add value to
people's lives then the way that people
feel about somebody that helped them
make their life better they feel
grateful if you get an army and people
that feel truly grateful to you like
you've changed their life right so I
could keep going but you get it it's
like those are all things that are true
about humans so I look at the
opportunity and I think that that's true
with what I know about humans so even
though when I first started doing this
which now I can't believe is almost
three years ago people were like you're
out of your [__] mind this doesn't
make any sense why are you doing this
what's a protein bar guy doing I'm
trying to talk about mindset it just was
very very apparent to me that in the
long run this would work and work very
very well all right three minutes Adam
Martinez from Facebook Tom I saw in an
interview with doctors should follow you
discuss that you and your wife decided
not to have children can you tell us how
you guys came to this conclusion yes so
it started with two years two years
let's have kids in two years two years I
just wanted to take the time to really
enjoy being married to we had no money
so I didn't want to be broke and have
kids and even though like everybody in
my life kept saying oh there's never a
perfect time to have kids that just
didn't make sense to me so I was like
yeah I'm not having kids when I'm dirt
poor that doesn't
just money's already [__] stressful
so the thought of adding and this is how
I used to think of kids a witness to my
crimes because it was like if I lose my
job like there's someone there that
depends on that there's like it's bad
enough if I fail my wife it is
horrifying to me if I fail my wife and
my kids and now like they don't eat oh
god like it just really terrified me so
it was two more years two more years let
me just really amass him wealth then it
was like wow I really enjoy being with
my wife like this this [__] is fun and
I'm reading all of this time I'm reading
about kids and I remember one Christmas
asking people to get me essentially
every book on parenting they could
because I'm not gonna go into this blind
I'm gonna learn everything there is
about pregnancy about what happens to
the female brain about what happens to
parents once they have kids how to rear
kids all of it so I'm reading about all
of this stuff going whoa like this [__]
is serious and there is a great line
read so that you may learn with ease
what other people have learned with
great difficulty so there's also another
one a fool never learns a smart man
learns from his mistakes and a wise man
learns from the mistakes of others so
I'm reading all this stuff like getting
really freaked out because everybody is
saying like whoa the one thing you don't
understand about having kids is how much
time it takes and how like all-consuming
it is and I just thought I started
building strategies out for how I was
gonna keep that from happening so I
didn't immediately go to I'm not gonna
have kids by the way I went to the
saying I call the padded room so my
initial strategy was I was gonna build a
padded room I was gonna get rich then I
was gonna build a padded room in my
house and the padded room would be a
child's Wonderland there would be all
soft toys plush toys a TV behind
Plexiglas that was hidden behind
paneling so there were no screws or
anything so that everything was just
soft and wonderful and the child could
never hurt themselves and I would shut
them in that room when I needed 2 or 3
hours to myself now when I told people
about my padded room strategy they were
mortified and even though I did not have
children I felt like people were about
to call Child Protective Services on me
and I wanted to remind people I am
single I've not actually done this it's
just a strategy I'm contemplating and by
the way the only
downside to that I see because you don't
leave them in there forever the only
downside that I see is what happens if
something happens to you and it becomes
like a Gerald's game moment where if I
had an aneurysm and died in the poor
child then is stuck in the room that
seems like a very bad strategy but if
you have an aneurysm and died then
they're stuck in the house in general
anyway they're probably screwed so it
probably is still a good strategy I'm
just very grateful that I don't have to
convince the world of that because the
amount of hate mail that I would get if
I actually did that would be obscene so
through that process me really trying to
figure this out I realized hey I just
love being around my wife way too much
nature is going to ensure that the child
will be her top priority even if it
doesn't make it mine and it may more
terrifyingly make it my top priority
then the best piece of advice that I
ever got about parenting was Tom have
kids don't have kids it doesn't matter
but whatever you do do it all the way
and I realized the thing I want to do
all the way is build my business and
there we ended up not having kids and
obviously my wife and I talking about it
the whole way she felt the same by the
time I got into quest we felt like we
had 1,400 people in our family and it
was beautiful and it gave us a kind of
connection and fulfillment that we
wanted and we have too many cheese which
are the love of our furry little lives
so they're amazing and give us some
minor glimmer of what that would be like
and it's enough between all the things
that we're doing in building and all of
them sort of natural personalities all
right I'm Way over my three minutes
thank you guys thank you for this this
was a lot of fun I always enjoy the [__]
out of these so thank you thank you
thank you for submitting your questions
I will be eternally eternally grateful
and thank you once again for helping us
get to a hundred thousand subscribers on
YouTube we're growing insanely fast our
goal is to get to 115 by October first
it is not gonna happen easily so if you
guys could share this content if it
added value that would mean the world to
us all right if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary
take care
[Applause]
[Music]